the sensation is perfect
a cup success will inspire seamlessly
The mt melsungen on today
saturday evening in kasseler rothenbach
Hall to their great performance from the
play today and defeated before 4300
watch the high favorites thw keel
completely earned with 30 29 out of one
Advisory character a player still
mikati brehm out of the kieler with
his parades downright to the
brought despair
first only 20 years then today 4
What's that for a week?
an incredible week that set
but we can win us
we won last season against
Claus will continue like this
then we can the beautiful home and
win against her at home as
outwards
therefore we can the thing of course is
that always one you think you say the one
abroad level
Congratulations to this
you have fantastic performance before
really expected that he is today
wins yes I think with the victory against
kiel can you calculate this correctly i
we all had a good feeling
after the sensation or after the good one
on Wednesday against göppingen in
vocal one gets something in our run
and it just wanted one
closed team performance with
a standout but reject it
unbelievable what was going on here and with that
audience in the back have only
win in the beginning or you have in the game
simply the all provided
he had against the game before the game
göppingen yes how did he do it
long to play along so well against keel
since I think we have during the
game noticed that you have the chance
and also have a week with the six
we have a good lead
played together but just the
sensational scenery sold out today
it was just great so what was in there
the last five hours was also going on
Even where we might be in five minutes
they were not the ones who made the goal
spectators there and we need that
easy and it just noticed
that it was just a terrific game
conceivable there really a super performance
shown himself as a child at five minutes
even with a gate in
management lag has not given up
what did you think at the moment as
they really do it again with one
lag behind
yes we have I believe so with five
already led and
then I think that shivers a bit
started because everyone has noticed today
Can we still have the big THW at home
times beat so out at the
last or penultimate and then
a bit shaky because a bit
again fear perhaps had the
win today and that's why
tight again, but then we have it
outnumbered at the end
also with a bit of luck and with
have a towering goalkeeper
get two points it is even more beautiful
win here against keel than in keel
yes , of course, that much was natural
a huge sensation everywhere
germany all over europe the small mt
melsungen drives a lot and then too
is still so naughty and there are two points
take it with me and I think the signs
were different today that everyone knows how
good for meanwhile are and how
as dangerous as they are today
of course, that's all the better
sold out house with one
huge audience here
4000 spectators I believe that
last five minutes
all have been the then
to witness the two points in front of you
to get a local audience that's what
very special